Mi/608/asset code scale (#630)
interledger/open-payments: docs/src/content/docs/guides/make-onetime-payment.mdx

Add the `incomingAmount` object and define the following properties:

- `value` : the maximum allowable amount that will be paid to the recipient's wallet address.

> - `assetCode` : the ISO 4217 currency code representing the underlying asset used to make the payment. As an example, the euro is represented as EUR.

Author: Technically, since assetCode is defined as a string, it could support non ISO codes.  I'd be curious to know if Rafiki's OP implementation checks if the asset code conforms to 4217.

> - `assetCode` : the ISO 4217 currency code representing the underlying asset used to make the payment. As an example, the euro is represented as EUR.

Reviewer: https://rafiki.dev/overview/concepts/accounting/#assets

"Should be used whenever possible".

So, ISO 4217 is a best practice and at least from the doc's point of view, Rafiki doesn't check.

> - `assetScale` : the number of decimal places used to represent the minimum value in the corresponding asset code. EUR has an asset scale of 2 with a minimum value of €0.01.

Author: We don't explain these properties in the two newer guides, though assetCode and assetScale appear in their example code.  For consistency, we should add descriptions to the newer guides or remove them from the older ones. I'm fine with either direction. If we embed them into the docs, we could include them as glossary entries or create a partial. Either approach seems fine.  Good point about the EUR-USD mismatch.  I was aiming for currency diversity, but we should keep things in sync with the code samples.

> - `assetScale` : the number of decimal places used to represent the minimum value in the corresponding asset code. EUR has an asset scale of 2 with a minimum value of €0.01.

Reviewer: Now that we're slowly getting more guides, we definitely need to figure out how to standardize them. That's part of the reason for #609, but there will still be more to do. 

Here's my suggestion for now. Leave the descriptions in the one-time and recurring guides. Make sure the examples match whatever is in the example code. Then also add the terms to the glossary. I think the definitions can match what ends up in the schemas.yml. You can also use the definition in the glossary to link out to the ISO standard.

> - `assetScale` : the number of decimal places used to represent the minimum value in the corresponding asset code. USD has an asset scale of 2 with a minimum value of $0.01. An integer amount of 1000 with an `assetCode` of USD and `assetScale` of 2 translates to $10.00

Reviewer 2: Thoughts on:

```suggestion
- `assetScale` : the number of decimal places that defines the scale of the smallest divisible unit for the given asset code. It determines how an integer amount is scaled to derive the actual monetary value. For example, USD has an asset scale of 2 with the smallest unit being 0.01. An integer amount of `1000` with an `assetCode` of USD and `assetScale` of 2 translates to $10.00.
```

Reviewer 2: On the other hand, I can see that we reuse the asset scale explanation in multiple places. Would it be easier to link to glossary directly instead of having 3 instances of the same explanation throughout the docs?

Reviewer: I'm making updates in a different PR that actually remove the definitions for these terms from the guides specifically. I didn't mark it here because I didn't want to potentially cause merge conflicts later.
